README.md, before:

# FilCalendar - Personal Schedule Generator

Python tool to generate a personalized ICS calendar from the [FIL](https://www.fil.univ-lille.fr/) (University of Lille) class schedule.

## Features

- **Smart filtering**: Keeps only your group's classes (TD/TP) + all lectures (CM)
- **Enhanced location**: Automatic building addresses (M1-M5, P1-P5, etc.) for GPS navigation
- **Stable ICS**: Content-based UID to prevent duplicates in Google Calendar
- **Chronological sorting**: Events always ordered by date for clean Git commits
- **All-day events**: Breaks are automatically converted to all-day events

## Installation

```bash
cd FilCalendar
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Configuration

Edit the `MES_CHOIX` dictionary in `calendarGeneratorCedric.py` with your group numbers:

```python
MES_CHOIX = {
    'TEC': 6,      # Your TD/TP group number
    'Projet': 4,
    'RSX2': 2,
    'GL': 5,
    # ... other subjects
    'ARCHI': 0,    # 0 = not enrolled
}
```

## Usage

```bash
python FilCalendar/calendarGeneratorCedric.py
```

The `data_export.ics` file will be generated at the project root.

## Automatic Updates (GitHub Actions)

The GitHub Actions workflow updates the schedule **every hour** and automatically commits changes.

To sync with Google Calendar:
1. Import the raw ICS file URL from GitHub
2. Or manually download the `data_export.ics` file

## Project Structure

```
.
├── FilCalendar/
│   ├── calendarGeneratorCedric.py   # Main script
│   └── requirements.txt             # Python dependencies
├── .github/workflows/
│   └── updateCalendar.yml           # GitHub Actions automation
├── data_export.ics                  # Generated calendar
└── README.md
```

## Dependencies

- `requests` - JSON data fetching
- `ics` - ICS file generation
- `arrow` - Date and timezone handling

## License

Personal project - University of Lille, FIL L3

Commit message:

docs: update license from personal project to MIT License

README.md, after:

# FilCalendar - Personal Schedule Generator

Python tool to generate a personalized ICS calendar from the [FIL](https://www.fil.univ-lille.fr/) (University of Lille) class schedule.

## Features

- **Smart filtering**: Keeps only your group's classes (TD/TP) + all lectures (CM)
- **Enhanced location**: Automatic building addresses (M1-M5, P1-P5, etc.) for GPS navigation
- **Stable ICS**: Content-based UID to prevent duplicates in Google Calendar
- **Chronological sorting**: Events always ordered by date for clean Git commits
- **All-day events**: Breaks are automatically converted to all-day events

## Installation

```bash
cd FilCalendar
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Configuration

Edit the `MES_CHOIX` dictionary in `calendarGeneratorCedric.py` with your group numbers:

```python
MES_CHOIX = {
    'TEC': 6,      # Your TD/TP group number
    'Projet': 4,
    'RSX2': 2,
    'GL': 5,
    # ... other subjects
    'ARCHI': 0,    # 0 = not enrolled
}
```

## Usage

```bash
python FilCalendar/calendarGeneratorCedric.py
```

The `data_export.ics` file will be generated at the project root.

## Automatic Updates (GitHub Actions)

The GitHub Actions workflow updates the schedule **every hour** and automatically commits changes.

To sync with Google Calendar:
1. Import the raw ICS file URL from GitHub
2. Or manually download the `data_export.ics` file

## Project Structure

```
.
├── FilCalendar/
│   ├── calendarGeneratorCedric.py   # Main script
│   └── requirements.txt             # Python dependencies
├── .github/workflows/
│   └── updateCalendar.yml           # GitHub Actions automation
├── data_export.ics                  # Generated calendar
└── README.md
```

## Dependencies

- `requests` - JSON data fetching
- `ics` - ICS file generation
- `arrow` - Date and timezone handling

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2026 Cédric

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
